Add torch.compile for Mistral (#30642)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/llm_optims.md

The *static kv-cache* solves this issue by pre-allocating the kv-cache size to a maximum value which allows you to combine it with torch.compile for up to a 4x speed up.

> [!WARNING]

> > Currently, only [Command R](./model_doc/cohere), [Gemma](./model_doc/gemma), [Llama](./model_doc/llama2) and [Mistral](./model_doc/mistral.md) models support static kv-cache and torch.compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, only [Llama](./model_doc/llama2) and a few other models support static kv-cache and torch.compile. Check [this issue](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/issues/28981) for a live model compatibility list.
```
(this way we don't need to change this line every PR :D)

Author: Sure
